---
title: "2024"
bookCollapseSection: false
p5js-widget: true
weight: 1
---

[OpenProcessing Classroom from 2024](https://openprocessing.org/class/92392#/)

## Xuedan Gao and Xinchen Liu | Traceless

{{<vimeo 1115660877>}}

- [More Information (Xuedan)](https://physcomp.newmedia.dog/2024/xuedan-gao/traceless/)
- [More Information (Xinchen)](https://physcomp.newmedia.dog/2024/xinchen-l/traceless-final-project/)

[Xuedan Gao](https://www.instagram.com/dbb1019/)

## Maija Järviniemi | Discovering Pirouettes: Pirouette Plotter

{{<vimeo 1038666082>}}

## Connor Z | Destined Place

{{<vimeo 1115665111>}}

## Ana Todosijević | Poetry of Place

{{<vimeo 1115667115>}}

Building upon the concept of genius loci, Poetry of Place seeks to give voice to a particular environment translating its ever-changing conditions into poetry generated by Large Language Models (LLMs). This project reimagines the essence of a place, not through a singular human lens, but by offering glimpses into the perspectives of elemental forces and nonhuman entities.

The installation begins with the four classical elements—Air, Fire, Water, and Earth—each linked to an environmental parameter: wind speed, temperature, humidity, and atmospheric pressure. These parameters are monitored in real time at the chosen location. Each element is personified, with its poetic style and content shifting dynamically based on the changing environmental data.

As these elemental characters interact, their poetry forms a dialogue. When one element references another in its verses, that line is woven into a collective poem displayed on a large screen. The result is a living, evolving narrative—a poetic conversation shaped by the environment itself, where voices of the elements converge to tell the story of the place.

The work is based on the first edition of Poetry of Place, which I created in collaboration with other members of the Bio2Arh collective: Bojan Kenig, Davor Pančić, and Filip Todosijević.
The location of the second edition is Otaniemi shore in Espoo, Finland.